PLANS FOR CASINO WEB APP:
we want a MINIMUM VIABLE PRODUCT FIRST.
So the small things like the free spins when you sign up, we can do that later.

1. finish the login system
  a. make a login and signup page
  b. use flask-login for the login system

2. design and make the home page
  a. make a navigation bar
    i. have links for different pages i.e. about, games, home page
    ii. have a dropdown for the user to view their account or logout
  b. design smth to fill the rest of the page
    i. a sliding promo thing
    ii. a latest winner scrolling text
    iii. have a latest news about the casino section

3. design and make a database schema that will accommodate what i have in mind (what i have in mind can change)
  a. have a 'User' table, to store users and their info
  b. a 'Wins' table, to store the wins that any player makes, possibly can be used to catch cheaters?
  c. a 'Losses' table, to store the loss that a player makes.
  d. a 'Tables' table, to store all the game tables for the casino 

4. design and make the games page (the page where you browse the games)
  a. have a another nav bar in the main section with different types of games

5. figure out how to show the available tables for each game to the end-user
  a. 

6. design and make the account page (users can change pfp and look at other information about their account)
  a. have a vertical nav bar on the left side and the contents for each nav option will fill the rest of the page

7. make an admin page where an admin can perform admin tasks
  a. kick players out of games
  b. ban players
  c. etc.
%6. design and make each game 'page'
%  a. each game will have different bet amounts
%  b. each table will be displayed 


Games to make:
1. Blackjack
2. Poker (prolly different types)
3. Sports betting (different sports)
4. Slots (make it seem legit)
5. Roulette
6. Baccarat


Current:
1. trying to figure out how to query available tables from the database and displaying it on the frontend

*DONE* 1. Finish designing home page on Paint (file prolly somewhere in 'Mathew' folder)
*DONE* 2. finish profile with the dropdown, section